---
Creation Date: 2026-02-18 15:07
Last Edited: 2026-02-18 15:07
Type: Session
tags:
Current: true
---

# To Do

- [ ] [[Characters MOC]]
- [ ] [[Factions MOC]]
- [ ] [[Scenarios MOC]]
- [ ] [[Threats and Opportunities]]

# Party View
- Erika - [[Le Fantome - Quince Blackwell]]
- Criv - [[Drav Kardera]]
- Eric - [[Phin Keel]]
- Crew - [[Will of the Wisps]]

# Recap
- Ask players to recap in character, telling the story at a pub/as ghosts years later

# Strong Start
- Say your farewells to [[Aldric]]
	- "Professional crew. May have some jobs for ya comin' up, provided you don't mind more Whisper work"
	- "I never saw ya"
- Where are you when you open the strongbox?
	- Old, weathered strongbox made of heavy wood with iron bands
	- Lock is pristine, well-maintained, smells of oil
	- Inside is a massive hoard of wealth worth 12 Coin total
	- Secret compartment holds an amulet
- [[Roric]]'s Ghost
	- "Rats got in the cellars, I see"
	- "You're sure this will keep me from going feral?" [[Lauria]] - "Sure as sparks! You'll be fine, safe as a kid goat."
	- "I always considered you a friend, Lyssa." [[Lyssa]] stabs a dagger in the back of his skull - "I am your friend, Roric. That's why I did this quick."
	- *Shows a scene of him tucking a small crystal into a hollowed-out panel in the roof*
	- "The thing about ghosts? They don't care what happens to their coin once they're gone. I say we put their stash to good use. Best way to honor their memory."
- 

# People


# Scenes


# Secret and Clues

_Check off when revealed._

- [ ] XXX


# Reference
[[Names and Looks]]

## Scratchpad

_Jot down notes during your game. Use it for a text-based combat tracker or anything else. Copy and paste from here into Discord for example. Here's more on [playing D&D and Discord](https://slyflourish.com/playing_dnd_over_discord.html) and a [Markdown-based battle map](https://slyflourish.com/text-based_battle_maps.html)._

```Plain
**Location**
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
Monster
Monster
Monster
```

# Session Notes
Keys
[[Le Fantome - Quince Blackwell]]:
- Suspicious
- Ambitious
- Bitter

[[Phin Keel]]:
- Guarded Compassion → Emotional Withdrawal
- Burdened Loyalty → Martyr Complex
- Morbid Curiosity → Obsession
- Cold Clarity?

[[Drav Kardera]]:
1. Charismatic (▼ Quiet ▲ Manipulative)
2. Confident (▼ Insecure ▲ Arrogant)
3. Enthusiastic (▼ Apathetic ▲ Chaotic)
4. Loyal (▼ Selfish ▲ Self-Sacrificing)

Dead Grinder = DB, - old friend of Keel's

Roric's Apt is nice, in Crow's Foot, #12
- Angled View of Crow's Nest, couple of rooftops in the way