---
Creation Date: "2026-04-09 08:56"
Last Edited: "2026-04-09 08:56"
Type: Session
tags: 
Current: false
---
# To Do

- [ ] [[Characters MOC]]
- [ ] [[Factions MOC]]
- [ ] [[Scenarios MOC]]
- [ ] [[Threats and Opportunities]]

# Party View
- Erika - [[Le Fantome - Quince Blackwell]]
- Criv - [[Drav Kardera]]
- Eric - [[Phin Keel]]
- Crew - [[Will of the Wisps]]

# Recap
- [[2026-03-24 - The Dimmer Sisters]]
- [[Planning 3-24 - Dimmer Sisters]]

# People


# Scenes

### NEXT
- [[Dimmer Sisters]] - Wrap up with [[Quellyn]] over tea, then appear outside the house with tons of coin and a massive headache
	- Rep - already paid
		- explain system - level up costs coin = new tier x 8 (establish contacts, expand informants, upgrade base and equipment, etc.)
	- Heat - already paid
	- Coin - 10 (8 for job, +2 for successful delivery of hull)
	- Future work with Dimmer Sisters?
- Entanglements - Arrest
	- [[Darmot]] coming for Quince, shakedown for 3 coin
	- Explain - take the arrest to clear heat, but will need to rig the trial to get a good verdict. Otherwise, pay off or try to escape
	- Escape Complications: Bluecoat snipers on roof, pair of hull watchers following through alleys, Darmot (T2)
	- Arrest Complications:
		- Corrupt judge has been bought out by The [[Unseen]].
		- Jurors are being blackmailed by The [[Unseen]]
		- Hive willing to help to a point, but will cut ties if necessary.
		- If Quince has the [[Book of Lost Names]] on her, people are going to want to steal it from the Bluecoats.
- Party still has [[Lauria (Nyssa)]]'s soul stone. Activate?
	- Used to communicate with the spirit. The spirit can activate to discuss?
- Quince has the [[Book of Lost Names]]. Has she stashed it?
- [[Gray Cloaks]] think party is reckless and dangerous. If they realize they can be useful in their fight against [[Lord Strangford]], will they give them a chance?

# Secret and Clues

_Check off when revealed._
- [ ] XXX

# Reference
[[Names and Looks]]

## Scratchpad

_Jot down notes during your game. Use it for a text-based combat tracker or anything else. Copy and paste from here into Discord for example. Here's more on [playing D&D and Discord](https://slyflourish.com/playing_dnd_over_discord.html) and a [Markdown-based battle map](https://slyflourish.com/text-based_battle_maps.html)._

```Plain
**Location**
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
Monster
Monster
Monster
```

### Session Notes