---
tags:
  - Faction
Current: false
Last Edited: 2025-05-12T19:49
Category: Factions
Description: Grow strong in the spotlight
---
Within the endless night sky of the Feywild, small constellations come flickering into view. An astute observer may notice that these stars tend to gather around moments of drama, comedy, or art. The Fey know these aren’t stars at all, but the Gaze of the Dreamers, barely understood beings of immense power drawn to art and storytelling. Very quickly, the Fey realized that where the Gaze was concentrated, the Fey grew powerful, drinking in their attention and being imbued with intense magical energy. Further, this magical energy bled into the very earth of the Feywild, fostering magical fruit that would grant vitality to whoever consumed it, promising eternal life if the Gaze was maintained.

Thus began the Dreamer’s Dance, with the Fey crafting their entire culture around maintaining the Gaze. They roughly formed into Courts of Seelie and Unseelie, Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter, with factions and intrigue abounding. They danced, they sang, they fought, they killed, all to hold the Gaze and drink in the applause of the heavens. Below ground, they carved an immense network of tunnels to live private lives away from the Gaze - “Backstage”. There, they scried the surface to assess which storylines were engaging and which were losing interest, and meticulously planned the twists and turns coming next - the alliances, the betrayals, the rivalries, the friendships. Every Fey is a performer, and all the world is their stage.

Lately, though, the Gaze has been drifting away from the Feywild altogether. The greatest storytellers struggle to explain why - the current crop of stories should be the best they’ve ever been, but still, every night seems to yield fewer and fewer stars to watch their performances. They crops are on the brink of failure, and the Fey are suffering withdrawal from the Dreamer’s Fruit, aging decades in a matter of days without the fruit to sustain them. The Archfey are scrambling to find a solution. While some are in favor of sending their children into the mortal realm to recruit mortal adventurers to lure the Gaze back, others seek to send Dream Siphons into the mortal realm to soak up the Gaze that is going to waste without any Fey to drink in the performances. Neither solution will be enough to save everyone, though; the Fey are starving, and desperate. Who knows what they will do to dance another day?