---
Creation Date: 2025-05-25 21:37
Last Edited: 2025-05-25 21:37
Category: Session
tags: 
Current: false
Description:
---
# Characters

Jared the Jubilant - Bard - Wes  
Jei Malva - Warlock - Sasha  
Falafel X - Cleric - Katya  
Samantha Murf - Fighter - Danika  

# Strong Start

When the Dragon Hordes began their ruinous campaign across the land, your city of [[Wake of the Dragon/Locations/Lesa]] was one of the first to fall. Some of you were children, or even not yet born when fire rained from the sky, and your once-mighty city walls melted and sloughed away. Some of you remember it like it was yesterday.

  

Now, with the Dragon Hordes driven back by the magically empowered armies of the United Peoples, it is finally safe to return to claim your homeland. It has been an arduous journey through the lawless wastes and wartorn ruins of [[Wake of the Dragon/Locations/Ariosa]], but when you reached the land your people once called home, all you found were burnt-out rubble, ruined farmland, and shattered dreams. Some of your people wept. Some despaired. But not you.

# Scenes

- Set the scene
    - supplies - 3 months travel rations. Likely not enough to survive the winter
    - resources - building materials, to be supplemented by surrounding forest
    - key NPCs:
        - [[Wake of the Dragon/Characters/Carwin Steeljaw - Guardian Knight]]
        - [[Wake of the Dragon/Characters/Marris Velka]]
        - [[Wallawallawushka “Walla” - Tavern Owner]]
        - [[Wake of the Dragon/Characters/Nikria Therasan]]
        - [[Murphred (Formerly Kanto)]]
- Rebuilding homes
- Setting up government, military, and medical services
- Foraging and hunting
- Dubious Allies
- Feast - an unwelcome guest
- The long night

# Secret and Clues

_Check off when revealed._

- [ ] [[Wake of the Dragon/Characters/Marris Velka]] is desperate not to ask for help - she needs to be able to do this on her own
- [ ] [[Wake of the Dragon/Characters/Marris Velka]] is being observed and judged by the noble families of Velka and Karros - if she fails here, she may never get another chance
- [ ] [[Wallawallawushka “Walla” - Tavern Owner]] has a history in [[Wake of the Dragon/Locations/Lesa]] - her grandfather was captain of the guard, and died protecting the town, her grandmother, and her father.
- [ ] [[Wallawallawushka “Walla” - Tavern Owner]] wants to connect with her past, but is terrible at fighting and is terrified of combat.
- [ ] [[Wake of the Dragon/Characters/Carwin Steeljaw - Guardian Knight]] is suspicious of [[Wake of the Dragon/Characters/Nikria Therasan]] and the Raven’s Guild in general - he believes they are trying to turn [[Wake of the Dragon/Locations/Lesa]] into a puppet state
- [ ] [[Wake of the Dragon/Characters/Carwin Steeljaw - Guardian Knight]] is wondering how much longer the Guardians can contain the burgeoning use of magic. They have served as wardens for generations, but they aren’t equipped to police every member of the populace. Carwin isn’t even sure they should.
- [ ] [[Wake of the Dragon/Characters/Nikria Therasan]] is scouting the political situation of [[Wake of the Dragon/Locations/Lesa]] as it develops, and is trying to negotiate favorable trade terms for the Raven’s Guild.
- [ ] [[Wake of the Dragon/Characters/Nikria Therasan]] is secretly in love with [[Wallawallawushka “Walla” - Tavern Owner]], but hasn’t worked up the courage to share his feelings yet.
- [ ] [[Wake of the Dragon/Characters/Nikria Therasan]] has been warned of hostile fey activity in the area, and is trying to protect [[Wallawallawushka “Walla” - Tavern Owner]], but the Raven’s Guild won’t send reinforcements until their demands are met.
- [ ] The Djinn Collective is attempting to elbow out the Raven’s Guild in [[Wake of the Dragon/Locations/Lesa]].
- [ ] [[Murphred (Formerly Kanto)]] is observing the group of mortals occupying [[Wake of the Dragon/Locations/Lesa]], and will do whatever it takes to drive them out.

# Monsters

_Calculate the_ [_lazy encounter benchmark_](https://slyflourish.com/the_lazy_encounter_benchmark.html) _by adding together all character levels and dividing by 4 if they're 1st to 4th level or 2 if they’re 5th level or above. An encounter may be deadly if the sum total of monster challenge ratings is greater than this number._

- **Lazy Encounter Benchmark: 2-2.25**

#### Monsters

|Name|CR|AC|HP|Speed|STR|DEX|CON|INT|WIS|CHA|Type|Tags|On Deck|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|[[02 - Monsters/Monster Shortlist/Satyr]]|1/2 (100 XP)|13|22|Walk 40 ft.|12 (+1)|14 (+2)|10 (+0)|10 (+0)|10 (+0)|16 (+3)|Medium Fey|Fey|[ ]|
|[[Shadow Fey]]|1/4 (50 XP)|15|31 (7d8)|Walk 30 ft|10 (+0)|14 (+2)|10 (+0)|11 (+0)|11 (+0)|13 (+1)|Medium Fey|Fey|[ ]|
|[[Blink Dog]]|1/4 (50 XP)|13|22 (4d8+4)|Walk 40 ft|14 (+2)|16 (+3)|12 (+1)|10 (+0)|12 (+1)|10 (+0)|Medium Fey|Fey|[ ]|
|[[Dryad 2]]|1/2 (100 XP)|15|22 (5d8)|walk 30 ft.|14 (+2)|12 (+1)|10 (+0)|12 (+1)|16 (+3)|18 (+4)|_Medium_ _Fey_|Fey|[ ]|
|[[Blighted Bear]]|1|11|3x44|Walk 40 ft, climb 30 ft|+4|0|+3|-4|+1|-2|Large Beast||[ ]|
|[[Goblin Skulker]]|1/2 (100 XP)|13|10 (3d6)|Walk 30 ft|-1|+1|0|0|0|0|Small Humanoid||[ ]|
|[[Goblin Warlock]]|1 (200 XP)|15|21 (6d6)|Walk 30 ft|0|+2|0|+1|+1|+2|Small Humanoid||[ ]|
|[[Cackling Skeleton]]|1/2 (100 XP)|9|26 (4d8+8)|Walk 30 ft|+1|-1|+2|-1|0|+2|Medium Undead|Undead|[ ]|
|[[02 - Monsters/Monster Shortlist/Skeleton]]|1/4 (50 XP)|13|14|Walk 30 ft|0|+2|+2|-2|-1|-3|Medium Undead|Undead|[ ]|
|[[02 - Monsters/Monster Shortlist/Zombie]]|1/4 (50 XP)|8|16|Walk 20 ft|+2|-2|+3|-4|0|-3|Medium Undead|Undead|[ ]|
|[[Wolf]]|1/4|13|14|Walk 40 ft|+1|+2|+1|-4|+1|-2|Medium Beast||[ ]|
|[[Bone Mound]]|||||||||||||[ ]|
|[[02 - Monsters/Monster Shortlist/Green Hag]]|3|14|71 (11d8+22)|30 ft|+3|+2|+2|+2|+2|+4|Medium Fey|Fey|[ ]|
|[[02 - Monsters/Monster Shortlist/Ogre]]||||||||||||Humanoid|[ ]|
|[[02 - Monsters/Monster Shortlist/Flesh Golem]]|5 (1,800 XP)|9|129|30||||||||Undead|[ ]|
|[[02 - Monsters/Monster Shortlist/Dryad]]||15|22|30|2|1|0|1|3|4||Fey|[x]|
|[[Flinderbeast]]||14|38|30|1|4|0|-2|1|3|||[x]|

  
  

  

# Treasure

- [[Wake of the Dragon/Items/Horn of the Irresistable Dance]]
- 100gp worth of Fey jewelry

## Scratchpad

_Jot down notes during your game. Use it for a text-based combat tracker or anything else. Copy and paste from here into Discord for example. Here's more on [playing D&D and Discord](https://slyflourish.com/playing_dnd_over_discord.html) and a [Markdown-based battle map](https://slyflourish.com/text-based_battle_maps.html)._

```Plain
**Location**
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
Monster
Monster
Monster
```

### Session Notes

- Mayor Velka and Falafel don't get along
- Jared and Jei disagree on government ideas, but both don't like the Raven's Guild
- Raven's Guild jockeying for trade rights protections, more influence in government
- Fey activity in surrounding woods - Djinn Collective offered warning and protection in exchange for an invitation to do business without extensive oversight
- [[Murphred (Formerly Kanto)]] used the killing of a boar as an excuse to take offense. Falafel refused the feast.
- Samantha almost got hit by a falling beam, but [[Wake of the Dragon/Characters/Carwin Steeljaw - Guardian Knight]] pushed her out of the way, getting a broken arm
- [[Wake of the Dragon/Characters/Nikria Therasan]] offered zombie backup, in exchange for a seat for the Guild on the governing body. After discussion, [[Wake of the Dragon/Characters/Marris Velka]] agreed.
- [[Wake of the Dragon/Characters/Marris Velka]] owes Jared a drink
- The village repelled the Fey attack, and captured [[Murphred (Formerly Kanto)]]