# Sounds


# Background


# Story
The door to this area has been jammed shut by the passengers hiding within. The PCs can open the door with a successful DC 15 Engineering or Strength check.

Smooth wooden flooring and paneled walls give this chamber an air of elegance that is immediately countered by the obvious mess and rank smell of body odor and other foulness. In the aft part of the room is a bar made from real mahogany. In front of the bar are several stools and behind it is the nonfunctioning husk of a bartender robot and an unmarked door. Half a dozen tables and accompanying chairs are pushed against the forward wall to make room for makeshift cots.

The Emerald Empyrean’s passengers took their meals and
enjoyed alcoholic beverages in this chamber, which was open around the clock. A bartender robot would take their orders and provide the guests with whatever food or drink they wanted. Most tourists took advantage of the open bar and spent most of their trip at least a bit intoxicated. The door to the aft leads to a storage area filled with boxes of self-preparing meals, surplus bottles of alcohol, and extra tableware. It was stocked for a 2-week journey. Creatures: When the Emerald Empyrean’s crew warned the passengers that the ship’s AI had malfunctioned, the tourists gathered here in the bar and restaurant area. Hours later, after M2 announced a few unfortunate accidents involving the crew, the guests began to panic. One passenger, named Voryna Kopalli (CN female damaya lashunta), took charge of the situation and convinced the passengers to remain in the restaurant. She had the others disable the bartender robot and make a sortie to the cabins to fetch blankets and pillows. They have been here for over a week, and Voryna has noticed that the stores are starting to run low. Voryna Kopalli is a tall and lithe lashunta with dark orange
hair that comes down to her shoulders. She works for a Castrovelian nongovernmental organization that helps keep the continent of Ukulam pristine. She saved up several months of salary for this vacation and has spent the last several days regretting it. Luckily for the other passengers, her survival skills and ability to remain calm in the face of danger have kept them alive.
The other inhabitants of this room include the 11 other passengers: an elderly male human, a young female human socialite, two middle-aged male human vidgamers, two fastidious shirrens from Absalom Station (both female), a female kasatha with a cybernetic arm, a drunk male ysoki, a matronly female vesk, a melancholy agender android, and a male bleachling gnome. They are all quite scared and many don’t believe they are going to make it home. In addition, one of the human crew members, Locke Linler, lies wounded and unconscious on one of the piles of blankets. He was hurt when he attempted to shut down M2’s computer core (see area 11) and stumbled his way back to this room. If healed, likely by a serum or spell, Locke can provide information on the location of the computer core and the secret door leading to area 11.
As the PCs enter this room, Voryna and a couple of the
other passengers grab the few weapons they have been able to cobble together (mostly knives, but Voryna has Locke Linler’s azimuth laser pistol). They are on edge, fearing an attack from the ship’s robots that will finally kill them, and certainly do not expect a quartet of furry creatures to enter their midst. A PC who succeeds at a DC 18 Diplomacy check gets the passengers to lower their weapons, though not put them away, and any hostile-seeming action on the part of the PCs (such as stepping farther into the room) results in the passengers raising their weapons again. A second successful DC 18 Diplomacy check is required to calm the passengers enough for them to allow the PCs full access to the room. Alternatively, a PC could attempt a DC 20 Bluff check to lie to the passengers about the reason the skittermanders are there (claiming they are employed by the cruise line, for instance) or a DC 20 Intimidate check to cow the passengers. Such techniques are effective for only a brief period, however. Once the passengers have calmed down and are ready to talk, they can fill the PCs in on anything in the Adventure Background section the PCs think to ask about. However, none of them has seen Nakonechkin, as the vesk bypassed this room when he noticed the door was jammed shut.